!! Nyz Openbox theme by Sebastian Sareyko
!! http://smoon.homelinux.org/


!! Menu - Title
menu.title.bg:			flat crossdiagonal gradient
menu.title.bg.color:		rgb:c/6/6
menu.title.bg.colorTo:		rgb:6/3/3
menu.title.text.color:		white
menu.title.text.justify:	right

!! Menu - Items
menu.items.bg:			flat crossdiagonal gradient
menu.items.bg.color:		grey40
menu.items.bg.colorTo:		grey20
menu.items.text.color:		grey85
menu.items.text.justify:	center

menu.items.active.bg:			flat crossdiagonal gradient
menu.items.active.bg.color:		rgb:c/6/6
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo:		rgb:6/3/3
menu.items.active.text.color:		white

menu.items.disabled.text.color:		rgb:4/2/2

menu.bullet:			bullet.xpm


!! Window - Title
window.active.title.bg:		flat diagonal gradient
window.active.title.bg.color:	rgb:c/6/6
window.active.title.bg.colorTo:	rgb:8/4/4
window.inactive.title.bg:	flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color:	grey30

!! Window - Label
window.active.label.bg:			flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.active.label.bg.color:		grey40
window.active.label.bg.colorTo:		grey20
window.active.label.text.color:		white
window.inactive.label.bg:		flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.inactive.label.bg.color:		grey30
window.inactive.label.bg.colorTo:	grey20
window.inactive.label.text.color:	grey60
window.label.text.justify:		right

!! Window - Client
window.active.client.color:	rgb:c/6/6
window.inactive.client.color:	grey30

!! Window - Handle (Unten aussen)
window.active.handle.bg:		flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.active.handle.bg.color:		rgb:c/6/6
window.active.handle.bg.colorTo:	rgb:6/3/3

window.inactive.handle.bg:		flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color:	grey30

!! Window - Grip (Unten Mitte)
window.active.grip.bg:		flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.active.grip.bg.color:	grey40
window.active.grip.bg.colorTo:	grey20

window.inactive.grip.bg:		flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.inactive.grip.bg.color:		grey30
window.inactive.grip.bg.colorTo:	grey20

!! Window - Buttons
window.active.button.unpressed.bg:		flat diagonal gradient
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color:	rgb:8/4/4
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.colorTo:	rgb:a/5/5
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color:	rgb:4/2/2

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg:		flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color:	grey30
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color:	grey20

window.active.button.pressed.bg:		flat gradient crossdiagonal
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color:		grey40
window.active.button.pressed.bg.colorTo:	grey20

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg:		flat gradient crossdiagonal
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color:	grey40
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.colorTo:	grey20

window.active.button.toggled.bg:		flat gradient crossdiagonal
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color:		grey40
window.active.button.toggled.bg.colorTo:	grey20

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg:		flat gradient crossdiagonal
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color:	grey40
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.colorTo:	grey20

window.active.button.disabled.bg:		flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color:		#788488
window.active.button.disabled.image.color:	#181818

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg:		flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color:	#485050
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color:	black

border.color:			grey10
padding.width:			1
border.width:			2
window.handle.width:		4
window.client.padding.width:	1


!! Fonts
window.active.label.text.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:pixelsize=11
menu.title.text.font: Bitstream Very Sans:pixelsize=11
menu.items.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:pixelsize=11
